v1.5
====

========== ================== 
2011-10-20 André Offringa <of...nga@gmail.com>
========== ================== 

Changes:

* The main points of this release: Better performance, improved visualization and raw file support.
* The computational performance has been significantly improved (2x faster) using various optimizations, including rewriting algorithms to use the SSE instruction set.
* New feature: The time-frequency plots are customizable in various ways (View->Plot properties), and have been polished somewhat.
* New feature: Export visualizations as vector graphics (SVG, PDF) or bitmap (PNG).
* New feature: FITS export of image plane.
* New feature: Logarithmic colour scale (both in TF diagram and Image plane window).
* New feature: Tool tips in some windows.
* New feature: Raw files produced for the Transient Key Science project can now be read and written by the tools (format description from P. Zarka).
* The performance of the indirect reader has been improved (flags are also reordered during write).
* Added a different interpolation algorithm
* Menus in the gui have been restructured.
* New testset simulating sinusoidal RFI.
* Bugfix: Cairo behaved differently on some platforms, and did not show everything.
* Change resolution action can now optionally take flags into account.
* Fixed some issues with UV projection and simulation runs.
* RFI console now returns a status upon finishing, useful for automated pipelines (suggested by C. Coughlan).
* Heavy refactoring of visualization code.
* Better test coverage.
