v2.07
=====

========== ================== 
2015-06-12 André Offringa <of...nga@gmail.com>
========== ================== 

Summary
^^^^^^^

No really shocking changes, but lots of small improvements. It is now possible to save quality statistic plots from the command line and to re-flag by opening quality statistics. There are also many small gui tweaks and a lot of small bugfixes. Release 2.7.0 supports both Casacore's 1.x and 2.x versions -- 2.7.1 will only support 2.0. The release of 2.7.1 was mainly to work around a bug in GTKMM in Ubuntu's latest distribution, causing the rfigui and aoqplot windows not to open.

Changes from 2.7.0 to 2.7.1 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

2.7.1 was released on 2015-09-02.

 * Code was converted to `Casacore 2 <https://github.com/casacore/casacore>`_
 * Bugfix: Fixed two compiler warnings
 * Bugfix: Applied patch by M. Sokolowski to correct time range of BIGHORN fits files
 * Bugfix: crash when opening main windows in certain GTKMM installations (notably the one currently in Ubuntu)

Changes from 2.6 to 2.7
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Feature: Save the 'aoqplot' plots from the command line with option -save (#51).
* Feature: Quality sets can be opened in the rfigui & on the command line with aoflagger.
* Feature: Toolbar buttons for zooming in/out (related to #50).
* Feature: Icons for 'Show original/smoothed/residual visibilities' toolbar buttons.
* Feature: Tooltips for all toolbar buttons, which are displayed by holding the mouse above a button.
* Feature: When the AOFlagger icons are available, the text is no longer shown on buttons in the toolbar to save space.
* Feature: Added -version and -help parameters to aoqplot.
* Feature: Run 'aoquality liststats' to get list of stat names, and some more info in aoquality's help.
* Feature: Show progress on command line when opening multiple QS files.
* Feature: Change resampling method in plot properties window; default filter now nearest neighbour (related to #31).
* Feature: Collect time-frequency information in aoquality collect.
* Feature: New colour map, 'fire', going via black to red to yellow to white.
* Feature: Specify data column during collecting.
* Bugfix: Solving compilation issue when building with shared libraries (-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON) instead of a static library, to make it possible to link AOFlagger with new DP3.
* Bugfix: Adding newer FindCasacore.cmake from LOFAR repository, which supports casacore 2.
* Bugfix: Crash when pressing background or difference button when no image is loaded.
* Bugfix: Fixed all deprecated usage of GTKMM. Everything can now be compiled with '-DGTKMM_DISABLE_DEPRECATED' set (#52).
* Bugfix: Application icon not shown in About window.
* Bugfix: Patch by M. Brentjes to prevent using Casapy's boost, which causes compilation errors.
* Bugfix: Compiling without GTKMM results in undefined reference due to missing vdsfile.cpp on some platforms (reported by G. van Diepen).
* Bugfix: Making it possible to run strategies from the API that include plot actions, which includes the default LOFAR strategy.
* Bugfix: Solved several Mac compilation issues (reported by A. Biggs).
* Bugfix: Make use of cmake package finders for casacore and cfitsio (patch by T.J. Dijkema)
* Bugfix: Sometimes plots were not updated when changing their parameters.
* Cleanup: Using find_package(Threads) instead of find_library in cmake (suggested by M. Brentjens).
* ...and some more clean ups.
