v2.08
=====

========== ================== 
2015-06-21 André Offringa <of...nga@gmail.com>
========== ================== 

This version has no major new features, but some small enhancements and quite a few fixes for small bugs.

New features
^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Functionality in the interface to set a custom error handler and progress reporter (this also fixes exceptions ocurring whilst running within NDPPP).
* New aoqplot interface
* Adding a 'keep window open' checkbutton to the Goto window, requested by F. de Gasperin.
* Make the default size of the goto window somewhat larger.
* Adding option '-save-baseline' to rfigui for saving baseline plots in a non-interactive way
* Adding option '-data-column' to rfigui for selecting data column when saving baselines.
* Added an 'export data' tool to image widget.
* Use object libraries to speed up compilation and avoid compiling files more than once.
* Viridis colour scale.
* Making it possible to give column name in ``aoquality collect``.
* Implementing CPU affinity patch by J. D. Mol, allowing e.g. SLURM to be used and have aoflagger use the right number of threads.

Bug fixes 
^^^^^^^^^
* Issue with ``aoquality collect``, causing to not properly collect statistics.
* Turning on C++11 compilation, because this is now necessary to compile with the latest GTKMM.
* Segmentation fault in interface that seemed to occur because of bug exposed by newer compiler optimisations.
* When loading a strategy, -j did not work.
* Change assignment to real and imag part, for compatibility with libc++ and c++11 (patch by T. J. Dijkema)
* Avoiding compatilibity issues with different versions of GTKMM.
* Making sure that domain name in hostname doesn't make aoqplot halt.
* Improving warning when baseline not found in rfigui.
* Gracefully handle exceptions before gui has opened.
* Skip NaNs in the frequency plot.
* Fixing crash with error 'requested baseline is not available in measurement set', reported by D. van der Vlugt.
* When reporting progress, flush the correct stdout/stderr stream.
* Issue in CMakeLists.txt: GSL is not included when it is used.
* Fixed compilation warning (std::auto_ptr deprecated).
* Textual: Removing all references to my old e-mail address.
* Textual: Correcting wrong text above for-each-polarisation frame.
* Refactoring: Refactored source code with new 'structures' directory, clean up, removed timestepaccessor.
