v2.10
=====

========== ================== 
2018-02-06 André Offringa <of...nga@gmail.com>
========== ================== 

Version 2.10 brings a few small but useful new features, and many small bugfixes. A lot of code was cleaned up and improved to use C++11 features.

Full list of changes:

New features
^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Initial work on Python-scripted strategies; to be fully implemented in aoflagger 3.0.
* SPWs can be concattenated (#65).
* Added option in StatisticalFlagging to flag entire timesteps, channels or baselines when too little visibilities are left.
* A graphical termal ('X') is no longer necessary to run `rfigui` / `aoqplot` with drawing parameters, which allows saving plots in scripts.
* The aoqplot status window now also displays antenna index when hovering a baseline.
* Added interpolate flags menu item and extended algorithm to run multiple times to fill in spots that are still missing.

Bug fixes 
^^^^^^^^^

* Stokes I-only images are not shown because they cannot be selected (#63).
* Check polarizations when changing settings (#69).
* It could happen that exceptions were not shown properly (bug in baseexception).
* Unselected original flags would still show them in plots and 'keep..data' actions.
* Fixed x/y flip when opening a parmdb.
* Compilation improvements.
* Fixing frequency and time scatter plots in rfigui and plots in aoqplot for non-xx/xy/yx/yy polarized sets (#70) e.g. JVLA; reported by M. Verheijen). 
* Don't plot polarizations when they are not available in aoqplot, as that can cause segfault
* Esthetics of plots are improved.
    * Use a clipping region to prevent points falling outside the canvas.
    * Unset value could cause the z-axis to disappear.
    * Make logarithmic Y ticks be better behaved.
    * Y axis in logarithmic plots could have the wrong range.
* Major code cleanup:
    * Many code has been cleaned up to use C++11 features.
    * Dependence on Boost has been decreased.
    * Directory structure was improved and old code was removed.
* Fixing multithreading of for-each-baseline action in ArtifactSet
