v2.11
=====

========== ================== 
2018-06-12 André Offringa <of...nga@gmail.com>
========== ================== 
 
Version 2.11 is mostly just incremental improvement, with no major new features but some important fixes. Worth mentioning is that the AOFlagger interface is integrated into the aartfaac preprocessing pipeline.

Full list of changes:

New features
^^^^^^^^^^^^

* AARTFAAC telescope added to standard list of recognized telescopes, and integration with aartfaac2ms.
* SumThreshold's time and frequency sensitivity can now be separately specified (#20).
* Added an AVX2 SumThreshold algorithm. It is not much faster, but there seem to be cases where it is faster than the old SSE algorithm.
* The ``badstations`` tool has been optimized for AARTFAAC, where it seems very useful.
* Some minor plotting fixes / improvements.
* Better support for various versions of the sdfits files that various telescopes use, in particular better support for GBT due to these changes:
    * TDIM specification is no longer required;
    * Several columns are now optional;
    * IFNUM is allowed as keyword instead of IF.

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^

* Compilation error, function ``pow10`` was removed from glibc 2.27 and ``exp10`` is used instead (#73, #74, #75).
* Possible segfault when running strategy caused by sumthreshold action with incorrect ptr use in c++11 changes.
* Possible bad_alloc exception due to bug in FrequencySelectionAction (#72), reported by P. Williams).
* The ``rfigui`` program no longer crashes when zooming in too far (#66).
* Updated dependencies/cmake config to reflect updates in boost python and glibmm (#71).
* PQ/QP spelling error.
* CMake prints "GTKMM found", regardless of whether GTKMM was found (#76).
