v3.02
=====

========== ================== 
2022-05-19 André Offringa <of...nga@gmail.com>
========== ================== 

Version 3.2 of aoflagger allows concattenating measurement sets in frequency and process these
in parallel. One of the use-cases for which this is useful, is the Prefactor/LINC pipeline for
processing LOFAR data. Apart from that, a few smaller Lua options were added, and various bugs
were squashed and performance improvements were made.

The full list of changes is given below.

.. default-domain:: lua

New features
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Generic improvements
--------------------

* Faster vertical masked sumthreshold algorithm.
* New Lua functions:

  - :meth:`aoflagger.upsample_mask()`
  - :meth:`Data.invert_mask()` 
  - :meth:`Data.set_masked_visibilities()`

* Allow specifying penalty in :meth:`aoflagger.scale_invariant_rank_operator_masked()`.
* Add support for Sdhdf files. This adds the requirement to have the hdf5 library installed.
* Add the Apertif 2021-03-09 strategy and set it as default for Apertif.
* Allow downsampling in ``aoquality query_f``.
* Support for Function Multi Versioning, which makes the packaged versions run faster.
* Spectrally concatenate different measurement sets and perform IO in parallel.

New rfigui features
-------------------

* New 'open file' window that allows opening multiple files and setting options.
* Ask confirmation when closing rfigui without saving changes.
* Add time/frequency options to rfigui.
* Add a new simulate-data window to rfigui with more simulations options.
* Add 'select zoom' option to rfigui.

Bug fixes  & refactoring
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Data with NaNs would cause some of the sumthreshold algorithms to behave incorrectly.
* Various fixes for newer compilers (gcc 11/12) or different environments.
* Fix return value of :meth:`Data.get_complex_state()`, which always returned ``complex``.
* Report clear error when the Lua version is older than 5.3.
* Fix default strategy when ``exclude_original_flags = false``.
* Several plot-drawing improvements.
* Fix loading of ATCA strategy in rfigui.
* Let ATCA strategy work when not all polarizations are available.
* Make Apertif strategy also work when no bandpass is available.
* Remove libxml2 dependency.
* Add CMake option for skipping GTKMM builds.
* Add HINTS to find FFTW3 in cmake.
* Make sure all python examples run.
* Improve performance of calculating median window (time threshold operation).
* Require C++17, use std instead of Boost where possible.
